Megan from Oregon says I'm about to
start high school and I'm worried I
won't fit in with the older kids there
how do I make them like me Megan
people like people who are good at
things so find something you're really
good at and then just do it all the time
like if you're good at singing get up on
the table during lunch and just start
singing or if you're good at flying
carry your broom around with you and
people will be like hey can you fly that
thing and you'll be like boy can I and
then you can show my you're awesome
tricks like you who cares if they like
you you want them to respect you if you
just act like you own the place people
fall in line before they even realize it
and then you have an army of people who
just want to do what you want to do it's
pretty great I read this book once
called how to make people like you
actually didn't help me that much I
usually just bring people snacks like my
homemade muffins and they usually don't
tell me to go away or anything Sarah
from Florida says so these girls I'm
kind of friends with got me an invite to
this super exclusive party at my crushes
house now they're saying that I owe them
and I have to give them the answers to
next week's history test it doesn't seem
like the right thing to do but I really
want them to stay friends with me
because they're very popular what do I
do
Sarah absolutely not you have to
maintain your honor at all costs anyway
getting invited to parties is easy you
could have done that by yourself
totally give them the answers and then
keep giving the answers until they
depend on you and then start charging
out not only will you have good grades
she'll be totally rich and then you can
throw a super-sweet party and not invite
them that'll teach him to mess with you
people don't actually do that give each
other the answers it's just an old
witches tale you only get an O plus if
you work hard right right a party can I
come I'll bring Yahtzee
you